++++Data Structures for managing data projections++++
To begin, we need to show that all operations in the system ALWAYS require one data copy and and one false copy.
We shall also map out when it is necessary to deal with a projection (projection may be fixed).

Operation    Data    	  Oth 	  	       	 Data Projected?	Is Oth a projection?
Initialize   All     	  Unknown/permutation	 No   			No
Fixed Set    Some set	  Same as Data Set	 No			Yes
Target Set   Some set	  Some set (moved)	 No			Yes
Unfixed Set  Some set	  Unknown/permutation	 No			No

Thus we can see that the data and oth sets behave quite differently.
This leads us to our first design decision of using separate data structures for these two.
1. dset
   A dset stores row ids that point to the data. (In keeping with the idea that data should not be touched)
2. oset
   An oset stores a small oth set. (as it applies to the corresponding dset, see below)
   It further has a flag that indicates whether this is a projected set.
dsets and osets are atomic objects, and hence know nothing about each other or about their own purpose.
3. pair
   A pair is what brings dsets and osets together. Each pair is essentially a (dset,oset) pair.
   The only addition is a type attribute so that our sets become aware of the world around them.
   Also includes functions to sensibly manage the dsets and osets based on the type attribute.
   To do this latter task, reflect a bit on the above table.
      It is easy to infer that a dset must always be present, and is thus required at the time of intialization.
      An oset can constructed given a dset, and the type (not for all types though)
   Objective function and required parameters reside here
   All pairs reside within a single closure
   Overall the pair closure is fairly complicated, and so as far as possible, all higher functions should deal directly with pairs
   This will help in reducing errors
   Thus we must do away with the "view" as envisaged in previous design iterations (view is now abstract)
   Since all pairs reside within a single closure, let us consider this closure to be the notional view
   Further, all state variables must then be condensed here
A pair is still considered an atomic object
A pair is unaware of the optimization process
It only provides a numerical index value if provided a matrix
Operations on a list of pairs (notionally a view) (idea is to minimize state variables, so that there are no closures here)
   New pair (type specified) from brush -> (Define new pair, initialize, reconcile all previously defined pairs)
   New ggobi display / New view -> New universal pair
   Destroy pair -> de-reference from index vector
   Define / evaluate (super) objective function
Further, pair objects are completely devoid of information on the optimization
Thus we are able to better define a view
A view is a list of 2 lists
  First Element : A list of pairs
  Second Element : A list of projection matrices (optimization history)
This implies that pair objects are transient in the sense that once their defintion changes, the old definition cannot be recovered


   There are two things that (can) change
   	 Defintion of individual pair objects (though the universe remains fixed)
	 Projection Matrices (dictating point configuration that are of primary interest)
Operations on views (a list of views is called a history)
   Find better view
   Binding any particular view to a display window or to a widget tab is the responsibility of gui
   However a history should have a split operation
   A split operation is composed of the following steps:
     create New history structure
     copy current history structure upto position specified into new structure
     return
The final level is thus a list of histories called a saga
There is still unresolved the question of where is the path of projection matrices stored (optimization history)
What are the objects linked to the optimization history?
We ask this question so that the pair objects are kept as far as possible separate from the optimization
So that each step in the optimization does not force us to create a new pairs object
Objects linked to optimization
   Hence it must also have a weight variable
We have had a history object for long in our design
The question is : what are we storing a history of?
